11 2022 release notes (#87)
ni/install-systemlink-enterprise: release-notes/2022-11/README.md

# SystemLink Enterprise 2022-11 Release Notes

The 2022-11 release bundle for SystemLink Enterprise has been published to <https://niedge01.jfrog.io>. Work with your account representative to obtain credentials to access these artifacts. If you are not upgrading from the previous release please review past refer to past release notes to ensure all required configuration changes are addressed.

## Upgrading from the 2022-09 Release to the 2022-11 Release

Due to breaking changes in the top level SystemLink and SystemLink-Admin Helm chart the following procedure is required to upgrade the application. Note, this upgrade will cause any currently executing notebooks to fail.

1. Stage your workspace to upgrade the `systemlink-admin` and `systemlink` helm charts to the 2022-11 release.

> 1. Run the Helm upgrade command on the `systemlink` chart to remove existing Argo CRDs. This must be done before upgrading the `systemlink-admin` chart. This command should include all flags and value file references you would expect to use for a typical upgrade of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Before you upgrade the `systemlink-admin` chart, run the Helm upgrade command on the `systemlink` chart to remove existing Argo CRDs. This command must include all flags and value file references you would use for a typical application upgrade.
```

>     **Note:** This wil result in an expected failure: `UPGRADE FAILED: unable to recognize "": no matches for kind "WorkflowTemplate" in version "argoproj.io/v1alpha1"`. This error can be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note:** This will result in an expected failure: `UPGRADE FAILED: unable to recognize "": no matches for kind "WorkflowTemplate" in version "argoproj.io/v1alpha1"`. Ignore this error.
```

1. Run the command `kubectl get crds | grep argo` to verify the argo CRDs have been deleted. You may need to manually delete remaining CRDs if the Helm upgrade command does not remove all of these objects.

1. Run the Helm upgrade command for the `systemlink-admin` helm chart.

1. Run the command `kubectl get crds | grep argo` to verify the new argo CRDs have been installed.

1. Run the Helm upgrade command for the `systemlink` Helm chart.

> - Files up to 10GB can be uploaded through the web interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## New Features

There are no new features in this release.

## Behavior Changes

- Files up to 10GB can be uploaded through the web interface.

## Helm Chart Breaking Changes

- SystemLink Helm Chart 0.8.113
    - Argo custom resource definitions (CRD) are removed from the `argoworkflows 0.1.53` chart

>     - You no longer need to specify SystemLink Grafana plugin configuration unless you also intend on installing additional plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You no longer need to specify SystemLink Grafana plugin configuration unless you also intend to install additional plugins.
```

- SystemLink-Admin Helm Chart 0.8.6
    - `argoworkflowscrd` chart added as a dependency. This chart installs SystemLink required CRDs

## Bugs Fixed

Only customer facing bugs have been included in this list.

[closed-bugs-sle-2022-11.xlsx](closed-bugs-sle-2022-11.xlsx)

## Vulnerabilities Fixed

> See bugs with **XRay** in the title in the list above of closed bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See bugs with **XRay** in the title in the above list of closed bugs.
```

# SystemLink Enterprise 2022-11 Release Notes

The 2022-11 release bundle for SystemLink Enterprise has been published to <https://niedge01.jfrog.io>. Work with your account representative to obtain credentials to access these artifacts.

## New Feature

> - OpenAPI documentation for the Products service is now included and available at `api-hostname/niapis`.

Reviewer 2: @prestwick We don't ship the /niapis route with SLE currently. That's SaaS only.

Author: Good catch. I've removed this.

## Versions

**Top Level Helm Chart:** `systemlink 0.8.112`

**Admin Helm Chart:** `systemlink-admin 0.8.6`

### NI Containers

TODO

### Non Container/Chart Artifacts

TODO

### 3rd Party Containers

TODO

## Helm Chart Breaking Changes

- SystemLink Helm Chart 0.8.112
    - Argo custom resource definitions (CRD) are removed from the `argoworkflows 0.1.53` chart
    - You no longer need to specify SystemLink Grafana plugin configuration unless you also intend on installing additional plugins.
- SystemLink-Admin Helm Chart 0.8.6
    - `argoworkflowscrd` chart added as a dependency. This chart installs SystemLink required CRDs

## Bugs Fixed

Only customer facing bugs have been included in this list.

[closed-bugs-sle-2022-11.xlsx](closed-bugs-sle-2022-11.xlsx)

## Vulnerabilities Fixed

See bugs with **XRay** in the title in the list above of closed bugs.

## Known Vulnerabilities

This data is a snapshot from MONTH DAY, 2022, and lists the components responsible for Critical or High severity security issues where there is a fix available.

<!-- [issues-sle-09-27-2022.xlsx](issues-sle-09-27-2022.xlsx) -->

> ## Upgrading from the 09-2022 Release to the 2022-11 Release

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Upgrading from the 2022-09 Release to the 2022-11 Release
```

Author: fixed
